The voices of Sigil ring out within the Hall of Speakers, where everyday complaints plant the seeds of laws. Formerly the headquarters of the faction known as the Sign of One, the Hall of Speakers is an orrery-like arrangement of rings and domed structures that beckon onlookers to make themselves heard. Before the hall stands a massive iron statue of a woman heaving a world on her shoulders with power and grace, a Signer remnant turned local landmark named *The Power of One.*

**Debates**. Public hearings take place within the Speaker's Podium, a spacious chamber named after the wooden lecterns that dominate its stage. Though anyone can spectate, only the Council of Speakers can participate in these debates. Each ascendant faction in Sigil has at least one speaker: typically the factol and one or two other high-ranking members. However, speakers sometimes delegate their time behind the podium to an eloquent representative whom they trust to represent the faction's interests. The debates are largely performative affairs—hour-long bouts where faction representatives embarrass each other and themselves with thinly veiled insults, boasting, and magniloquent rhetoric. The factions of Sigil are rarely in agreement, and the few proposals voted into law by the Council of Speakers are either inconsequential or quickly overturned in favor of the status quo.

**Trianym.** Citizens can voice their opinions freely at the Trianym, a public forum located a block from the Hall of Speakers. The Trianym consists of three cylindrical platforms with seating for scribes and spectators to witness the exchanges. Locals reward shrewd debaters by tossing coins to them, reserving fistfuls of garbage for truly awful orators. The Trianym is more than a glorified soapbox—the thoughts that ferment in the Trianym pave the way for new factions and ways of thinking.