A nameless street leads through a razed district to the Shattered Temple, headquarters of the Athar. Skeletal pillars climb from the rubble to surround the broken, domed structure on all sides. Once a temple to Aoskar, a now-dead god of portals, the Athar have rebuilt the temple just enough to serve their needs while leaving the rest in shambles—a solemn reminder that even gods can die.

Within the Shattered Temple, the Athar collect information on the every faith in Sigil to publicly prove their falsity and lessen their influence. In heavily guarded vaults beneath the temple, Defiers house a staggering arsenal of magic items, weapons, and armor, ready to use if they come into open conflict with gods or their servants.

**Forgotten God.** The Shattered Temple was originally called the Great Temple of Doors. It was the heart of worship for Aoskar, whose name has been all but forgotten in the City of Doors. In life, Aoskar subtly spread his worship through every portal in the Cage. Aoskar foolishly sought to seize control of Sigil from the Lady of Pain, but now the god and his followers are dead, devastated along with the temple that once bore his name.

Inside the Shattered Temple, a portal to the Astral Plane has recently reawakened, leading to a gigantic, petrified corpse drifting through the silver void. Some who know of the deteriorating husk claim it's what remains of Aoskar, while others assert the god lives still.

**Luminous Arbor.** A remarkable tree grows within the temple's central sanctuary. The tree's bark shines with the luster of bronze and gold, and its branches are laden with ruby-red fruits. This tree, the Luminous Arbor, gathers the captured magic released when the Athar carry out rites to destroy magic items created by priests of those they consider false gods. The divine energy concentrates within the tree and its fruit, which are the source of power for Athar priests of the Greater Unknown, an entity whose power is rumored to be beyond the so-called gods.