The Ditch is Sigil's only body of water, a reeking morass where locals cast their refuse. Its corrosive waters lie along the rough border between the Lower Ward and the Hive, a prime ground for dumping bodies. Creatures cast into the acrid lake wash up on its shore a few hours later completely unrecognizable, their physical features smoothed over like those of wax dolls held to a flame.

Locals whisper the Ditch is a backwater tributary of the River Styx, but more likely its toxic waters are the result of industrial runoff coupled with the corruption of the Lower Planes leaking from nearby portals. On rare occasions, a portal to the River Oceanus, a celestial waterway that runs through the Upper Planes, opens within the Ditch, causing it to run clean, silvery, and sweet. These short-lived occasions are cause for celebration among the folk of the Lower Ward, who spend the day bathing in the refreshing reservoir.

During the day, the banks of the Ditch are a gathering ground for trading guild workers, who ferry material from the Great Foundry to portals located within massive sewer pipes along its shores. When night falls, however, even these staunch souls are nowhere to be seen for fear of the Ditch Beast, a vicious monster that supposedly stalks the area.

##### Seat of the Rat King
Wererats frequent the Ditch, where they receive the orders from [[Tattershade]], King of the Rats. His territory is arranged entirely for defense, a tangle of tunnels adjacent to the Ditch that are big enough only for rats and shifting shadows. Tattershade is a shadow demon that directs his wererat minions through wispy messages scrawled on passage walls. The King of the Rats spends his lonely hours obsessively counting the treasure the rats sift from the Ditch for him, from priceless baubles to worthless junk. Tattershade lives in fear of something, but no two stories agree on what. It could be the Master of Bones, a powerful devil, or the Lady herself.