The Doomguard is headquartered in the Armory, a foreboding stronghold at the ward's border with the Lower Ward. Deliberately grown razorvine creeps along the structure's bladed balconies and lower walls, deterring thieves who seek to steal the weapons within. Heavy metal gates bar its few windows, and a relief of a menacing horned skull—the faction's symbol—hangs over its main entrance within. Day and night, the Armory's chimneys belch smoke and flame.

**Forge of Doom**. A colossal forge dominates the first floor of the Armory, which is open to the public. Mercenaries, mongers, and other curious buyers gawk at industrious smithies accustomed to the forge's unbearable temperatures. Azers, fire elementals, and chain devils number among the Armory's blacksmiths, along with dwarves and other Doomguard smiths.

Aslan Ashfang, a lawful neutral efreeti merchant from the City of Brass, emerges from the forge's coals to greet potential buyers. A clever and convincing salesman, Aslan brokers deals between the Doomguard and interested parties. The dapper efreeti knows every weapon in the Sinker catalog and its price, from delicate jeweled daggers to massive siege weapons. Items small enough to display—or their replicas if too precious or dangerous—are showcased in an exhibition hall just inside the Armory.

**Doom Lords.** Beyond the forge lie four heavily guarded chambers, each containing a portal to a fortress on the edge of one of the Inner Planes. Within these citadels, the four doom lords—high-ranking faction lieutenants with powers of entropy and destruction—observe the multiverse and its beauteous decay. From these citadels, members of the Doomguard launch expeditions to hunt or capture destructive monsters across the multiverse, testing their skills against terrifying creatures and deadly extremes.

**Buying Armor and Weapons.** The Armory sells every weapon, shield, and armor in the Player's Handbook at normal cost. At the DM's discretion, the Armory might have other armaments available for sale, such as +1 weapons for 300 gp apiece.