Dedicated to the dwarven god of greed, the Bank of Abbathor is one of the largest financial institutions in the multiverse, with branches in several of the Outer Planes and countless material worlds. The bank's principal office is a monument to opulence and stability: a palatial building constructed from marble. Elite private security, the best that money can buy, protects the bank and its grounds at all hours.

Within, a princely statue of Abbathor oversees the main banking hall. Massive emeralds form his eyes, which glint with every transaction, no matter how small. The bank's tellers are snarky imps, business-savvy dwarves, and xorn that delight in eating their pay. Leveraging a trusted network of official portals, the tellers process transactions throughout the multiverse. Modron analysts closely monitor exchange rates to ensure funds don't disrupt the stability of the economies in which they are administered.

B**ank Vaults.** When creatures amass hoards too large to defend, they can store excess treasure in secure vaults beneath the Bank of Abbathor. The guarded rows of armored doors are pure theater, empty repositories designed to comfort investors and confuse would-be plunderers. Only the doors themselves matter, for the true vaults lie beyond the portals they contain. Accessible only by account owners, authorized bank personnel, or creatures in possession of the corresponding portal key, each vault door leads to a demiplanar dungeon that guards the riches deposited within.

**Hoard of Directors**. Ancient dragons, mighty devils, and immortal merchants make up the bank's board of directors, who ensure the institution's reach continues to widen. They seek power through profit, conquering worlds without armies of their own by bankrolling like-minded groups in conflicts across the multiverse.